(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
NARRATOR: Poa The Destroyer.
Poa.
Great flying, Ono.
Thanks, Beshte.
Sure is nice to have
my sight back.
Anga? Shall we see
what we can see?
Yep.
See you later, Beshte.
Bye.
(ALL GIGGLING)
Huh? What's that?
(GROANS)
BUNGA: No, Binga.
You're the smelliest
honey badger.
Hey, guys,
what's going on?
See for yourself.
No you. No you. (CHUCKLES)
(CHUCKLES) Poa.
Bunga must really like Binga
if he thinks she's smellier.
(YAWNING)
Uh...
Uh, morning?
Morning, Little B,
sleep okay?
Yeah. Slept great.
I'm sure you did.
Kion? Now that
everyone is awake,
perhaps you're ready
to begin today's
healing session?
Right, see you
all later.
Well, if Kion's off
with Nirmala,
I think I'll, uh,
go find some grubs.
Tell Binga we said hi.
Will do. Bye.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Hmm, looks like
we have the morning free.
And I could use a run.
Catch you guys later.
Have fun, Fuli.
Guess that just leaves you
and me, Baliyo.
Baliyo?
(YAWNS)
Sorry, Beshte.
After patrolling all night,
I need some sleep.
Oh. Oh, okay,
guess I'm on my own then.
What would you do
if you were in
the Pride Lands?
Oh, I have lots
of friends back home.
And there's always something
amazing going on.
There's lots of
amazing animals here, too.
And everybody's
really friendly.
Why don't you take
a look around?
Poa.  That's a great idea.
Thanks, Baliyo.
Sure thing, Beshte.
(YAWNS)
Amazing animals, here I come.
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
Yeah I'm coming through ♪
Whoa.
TANGAAGIM: You okay?
Oh. Hey there.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just trying to...
Stand up...
(GRUNTS)
Where did you come from?
I didn't see you anywhere.
Us polar bears tend
to blend in with the snow.
Hey, want a little advice?
One big guy to another?
Sure.
When you're walking on ice,
get as low as you can.
And really stomp. Like this.
Oh, thanks. I'll do that.
Nice.
That will get you
where you're going.
So where are you going?
Not sure.
Just lookin' for amazing
new animals. Like you.
There any other animals
that do interesting things
around here?
(CHUCKLES) Well,
there are those penguins
over there, eh?
I love watchin' 'em
slide down the hill
to the lake.
(WHOO)
That was amazing.
I gotta see 'em up close.
Sure.
Well, thanks.
Have fun.
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
♪  Poa ... ♪
Whoa.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS) This looks like
a good place to watch
the penguins slide.
Oh, here they come.
Excuse me.
Beauty before age.
Last one in is a smaller,
less attractive
version of me.
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
Whoa, they do stunts too.
(ALL GRUNT)
(SPLUTTERS)
Poa.
That was great.
(YELPS)
Now to find some more
amazing animals.
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
♪  Poa ... ♪
Who was that guy?
And why did
he ruin our slide?
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
♪  Poa ... ♪
Whoa.
(MOUNTAIN GOATS BLEATING)
How do they do that?
(GRUNTS)
Whoa, amazing.
(BLEATS) Not bad.
(BLEATS) Thanks.
BESHTE: Poa.
On to the next
amazing animal.
Ah. Rocks.
(BOTH YELP)
Who was that?
And why did he throw
rocks at us?
What a bad guy.
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
Yeah, I'm coming through ♪
You hear somebody
singing?
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do ♪
Oh, yeah,
let's go check it out.
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
Yeah, I'm coming... ♪
(GASPS)
Those little guys
can walk on water.
Poa.
(BOTH SCREAMING)
And they do flips, too.
(LAUGHS)
Poa,  that was great,
little guys.
(HUMMING)
I think he made
those waves on purpose.
Yeah. Seemed like
he thought it was funny
that he sent us flying.
We better tell
the Night Pride about him.
Stand back, shrews,
coming through.
Sorry, but we need
to talk to the Night Pride.
Right away.
Really? So do we.
Yeah.
A great big stranger
caused a tidal wave
in our pond.
A great big stranger
threw rocks at us.
He's not just
a great big stranger. Uh-uh.
He's a great, big bad guy.
I didn't know
he was a bad guy.
He told me he was just
lookin' for new animals.
And then he destroyed
our ice slide.
I'm gonna tell
the Night Pride.
BOTH: So are we.
Okay. But let me
do the talking.
I remember every detail
about him.
Especially
that sinister thing
he shouted after destroying
our slide.
Poa.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ He's wider
than an iceberg
♪ He's stronger
than a tree
♪ Well, don't you get
too close to him
♪ Take it from me
♪ He's on a path
of devastation
♪ He's a demolition beast
♪ And I'm sure he's hungry
♪ The Tree of Life
will be his feast
♪ Poa is the sound
that makes penguins weep
♪ Poa
♪ Sends the shrews
flying off their feet
♪ Poa
♪ Makes the mountain goats
afraid to leap
♪ Beware of Poa the Destroyer
♪ His stomping makes
the earth shake
♪ His bellows fill the air
♪ And his giant mouth
will give you more than
a scare
♪ He's on a path
of devastation
♪ He's a demolition beast
♪ And I'm sure if he's hungry
♪ The Tree of Life
will be his feast
♪ Poa
♪ Is the sound
that makes penguins weep
♪ Poa
♪ Sends the shrews
flying off their feet
♪ Poa
♪ Makes the mountain goats
afraid to leap
♪ Beware of Poa the Destroyer
♪ He's the biggest,
baddest guy that
you've ever seen
♪ And not just that,
my friends, oh, no
♪ He's really super mean
♪ Poa is the sound
that makes penguins weep
♪ Poa
♪ Sends the shrews
flying off their feet
♪ Poa
♪ Makes the mountain goats
afraid to leap
♪ Beware of Poa
the Destroyer ♪
And his name
is Poa the Destroyer.
Poa the Destroyer?
And he's here at
the Tree of Life? You sure?
Sure we're sure.
We all saw him.
He's as tall as
the Tree of Life.
The ground shakes
when he walks.
And he causes destruction
wherever he goes.
Okay, well, you did
the right thing telling me.
So, uh, go on home.
Whoever, or whatever,
this guy is
the Night Pride
can handle it.
Well, okay.
See that you do.
(BESHTE HUMMING)
Hey, Baliyo,
you were right.
There are lots
of amazing animals here.
Sorry, Beshte. Can't talk.
I gotta find Rani.
Whoa, what's the kerbubble?
There's a bad guy
on the rampage.
A bad guy? Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
He attacked the shrews,
knocked down
the mountain goats,
and destroyed
the penguins' slide.
I just saw all those guys.
The bad guy must have
come right after me.
I'll go back and make sure
they're all okay.
Maybe I can even
find the bad guy.
Thanks, Beshte.
I'll go tell Rani.
She needs to know
about this too.
(RUMBLING)
(GASPS) That must be Poa.
The bad guy
everyone's talking about.
(GASPS) Oh, my den.
Pinguino was right.
That Poa really
is a destroyer.
Hey, little shrews,
you still here?
Poa's back, hide.
Just checking up on you.
Somebody told the Night Pride
there was a bad guy here.
Oh, well, guess
they're not home.
Whew. That was close.
Hey, mountain goats,
see any bad guys?
No, no bad guys here.
We're fine.
Poa.
Whoa.
Oh, yeah, I gotta walk
like the polar bear showed me.
Poa.
Hey there, polar bear.
Look. I'm gonna walk
just like you showed me.
(GASPS) Poa the Destroyer.
He might be after me now.
Huh, maybe
he didn't recognize me.
Hey, penguins.
Did any of you tell Baliyo
they saw a bad guy?
Bad guy? What bad guy?
Who said anything
about a bad guy?
Any of you say anything
Nope.
Not us.
See? Nobody said anything
about a bad guy.
Oh, well, okay,
just let me know
if you hear anything
about this bad guy, okay?
Of course. (PANTS)
Of course.
Poa.
ALL: Poa.
(SPLASHES)
Hmph, the Night Pride
is going to hear about this.
Come on, Rani,
we gotta hurry.
How could a bad guy
that big get past Ullu?
And us?
And the Lion Guard?
I dunno.
But word is spreading
and everyone is scared.
PINGUINO: Scared?
We're more than scared.
We're angry.
'Cause he came back.
He came back?
That's right.
To find out
who snitched on him.
He stomped on
our ice slide again,
just to show us
who's boss.
But first he checked up
on the shrews
and mountains goats.
Uh-huh. I heard
he even smashed a fox den.
This does sound bad.
And all this after you said
you would handle it.
Sorry, Pinguino.
We will handle it.
Do you remember
which way he was headed?
Away from the mountains.
Back towards the Tree of Life.
Okay. Go back home.
Stay safe.
Leave the bad guy to us.
Well, okay,
but mark my words,
if you can't get rid
of Poa the Destroyer,
the Tree of Life is doomed.
Wait. What did you call him?
Poa.
That's what he shouts
as he destroys things.
(IMITATES BESHTE) Poa.
I mean, It's gotta be
his name, right?
Yeah, makes sense to me.
Poa. That sounds familiar...
Wait. Poa's  not a name.
I gotta talk to Kion.
Baliyo, round up
the rest of the Lion Guard.
Okay.
(ANIMALS GIGGLING)
Nirmala?
I know this'll help me learn
to stay calm
when I feel annoyed...
But how much longer do
I have to let these frogs
hop on me?
It's not up to me.
It's up to the frogs.
RANI: Nirmala?
Although Rani might have
something to say about it.
Nirmala, I need
to talk to Kion.
Uh, um, Nirmala?
Yes, Kion.
You can come down now.
Sorry, little guys,
gotta go.
FROGS: Aw, okay, all right.
What's going on, Rani?
Kion? How well
do you know Beshte?
Why? Is he okay?
Did something happen?
I think he's fine. But...
Come on.
Baliyo is gathering
the rest of the Guard
at the Tree of Life.
I'll tell you
on our way there.
They're scared of me?
But why?
They say you demolished
the penguins' ice slide,
threw rocks at the goats,
and knocked over the shrews
with a tidal wave.
I did all that?
And trampled a fox den.
Oh, no.
What'd you say they called me?
Poa the Destroyer.
(CHUCKLES) Poa the Destroyer.
Great nickname, Big B.
No. It's not "great."
If I really did do all that,
then they're right.
I am a destroyer.
FULI: Where are you going?
Somewhere where
I can't scare anybody.
Or destroy anything.
This is so weird.
Yeah, everyone always
likes Beshte.
Indeed.
Nawaza, nawaza, nawaza...
Bunga, you're right.
'Course, I'm right.
Right about what?
We have to give everyone
a chance to know Beshte.
Once they know him,
they're bound to like him.
Great insight, Ono.
Yes. We can bring them
all to the Tree of Life.
They'll feel safe here.
Then have Beshte
come back.
So they can meet Beshte
all over again.
Right. Let's split up,
bring everyone to the Tree,
then bring Beshte in.
Got it.
Thanks, Rani.
Just doing my job.
Hey, little guy, you're not
afraid of me, are you?
And if you're not
afraid of me,
nobody else
should be either.
I gotta convince everybody
I'm not a bad guy.
Like my dad always says,
"You can't go wrong
trying to make things right."
(RUSTLING)
And here's my chance.
Thanks, little guy.
Hey there, little fox.
I just wanted
to say sorry about...
Poa the Destroyer.
No! (STAMMERS) Wait.
(SCREAMING)
(SIGHS)
Guys, think you can
waddle a little faster?
You do know what
waddling means, don't you?
Uh, yeah, sure,
Besides,
what's the rush,
Baliyo?
You still haven't told us
why Rani wants to see us.
I know, but Rani
didn't want me
to tell you because...
Uh...
Is it a surprise party?
For me?
No, Pinguino, it's...
Oh, how I love parties.
I hope Rani remembers
how much I love sardines.
Don't worry, Baliyo.
I'll act all surprised.
And a party's just what
I need after...
Pinguino.
It's not a party.
Then what is it?
Hey, Baliyo.
Hurry it up.
We don't want to keep Rani
and Beshte waiting.
Beshte? What's a Beshte?
Oh, right.
You guys call him Poa.
The Destroyer.
ALL: Poa?
The Destroyer?
Oh, yeah, that's him.
We're gatherin' everyone up
in one place.
So we can really
let you know what he's like.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
He'll never get me.
Pinguino? Where you going?
Yeah, come on back.
Forget it.
You won't catch me anywhere
near that bad guy.
Was it something I said?
Phew, almost home.
Hey there.
(SCREAMING) Poa.
No, no. My name's Beshte,
not Poa.
You can't fool me
by changing your name.
I know you're Poa
The Destroyer.
I'm not a destroyer.
And I'm really sorry
I messed up your slide.
Stay away from me, Poa.
Wait. Don't be scared.
Stop chasing me, Poa.
I'm not chasing you.
And my name is Beshte.
Ha. I won't let you
destroy me, Poa.
BESHTE: Hey, little guy.
I wouldn't go that way
if I were you.
It looks dangerous.
Don't tell me what to do, Poa
Leave me alone.
He could get into
real trouble up there.
(GRUNTS)
Ha, lost him.
Don't tell me I'm not
a fast waddler.
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Oh, no.
(YELPS)
(SCREAMS)
Times like this
I really wish I could fly.
Twende Kiboko.
(STAMMERS) What happened?
You okay?
Poa? You saved me?
Well, yeah.
But my name is...
Poa. Thank you.
Thank you so much, Poa.
You're welcome.
Thank you all for coming.
Of course, Rani.
What's going on?
It seems there's been a
misunderstanding
with one of our new guests.
Yes. You might know him
as Poa...
ALL: The Destroyer.
But his name's
not really Poa.
It's Beshte.
And he's not
a bad guy, either.
Not sure I believe you.
You will once
you really meet him.
There's nobody nicer
than Beshte.
BUNGA: Sorry we're late.
The pengie-angie-wins
don't waddle very fast.
It's okay.
Beshte's not here yet.
Hey, wait.
Where's Pinguino?
Eh, he didn't wanna come.
He waddled back home.
But he's the one
who made the biggest fuss.
He needs to be here.
Anga, can you find Pinguino?
And Beshte, too?
Yup.
Don't worry, Rani.
If anybody can find them,
Anga can...
Found them.
RANI: Already?
Which one?
Both.
Oh, no.
Is Poa attacking Pinguino?
Um...
No.
BOTH:
♪  Poa
It's what you gotta do
Yeah, we're coming through ♪
ALL: Poa?
Pinguino, what is this?
You're friends with
Poa the Destroyer?
Yes, except he's not
Poa the Destroyer,
he saved my life. He's
Poa the Life Saver.
Really?
Wow.
What?
I don't know.
Poa the Destroyer's catchier.
Bunga.
Let me tell you
about this guy.
Stronger than a penguin.
Yet gentle as a penguin.
Ah, thanks.
So, Pinguino?
What happened?
What happened? What happened?
Oh, I'll tell you
what happened.
I fell off an incredibly
high cliff.
(ALL GASP)
And I fell. And I fell.
And then,
suddenly there he was.
Larger than life.
And right underneath me.
I landed on his back.
He's as soft as a penguin.
You should have seen him
running to catch me.
He's faster than
a penguin.
(EXCLAIMS)
Sorry I thought
you were a bad guy.
Aw, that's okay.
Could you save
my life sometime?
Uh, sure, I'd be happy to.
All right, everyone.
Let's hear it for Poa.
(CHANTING) Poa, Poa, Poa.
(ALL CHANTING) Poa, Poa, Poa.
So, Beshte.
They're still
calling you Poa.
Yeah, I know.
But now, I think it's Poa.
(ALL CHANTING) Poa, Poa, Poa.